# Cooperative Robot System

## Simulation

Export the Turtlebot3 model to the Gazebo environment:

```bash
export TURTLEBOT3_MODEL=waflle_pi
```
Use a launch file to start the Gazebo simulation:

```bash
roslaunch turtlebot3_gazebo turtlebot3_empty_world.launch
roslaunch turtlebot3_gazebo turtlebot3_world.launch
roslaunch turtlebot3_gazebo turtlebot3_house.launch
```

To operate the Turtlebot3 robot in the Gazebo environment, use the following command:

```bash
roslaunch turtlebot3_teleop turtlebot3_teleop_key.launch
```

To visualize the Turtlebot3 robot in the Rviz environment, use the following command:

```bash
roslaunch turtlebot3_gazebo turtlebot3_gazebo_rviz.launch
```

## SLAM

Export the Turtlebot3 model and launch the Gazebo simulation:
  
```bash
export TURTLEBOT3_MODEL=waflle_pi
roslaunch turtlebot3_gazebo turtlebot3_world.launch
```

Launch the SLAM node:

```bash
roslauch turtlebot3_slam turtlebot3_slam.launch slam_methods:=gmapping
```

To operate the Turtlebot3 robot in the Gazebo environment, use the following command:

```bash
roslaunch turtlebot3_teleop turtlebot3_teleop_key.launch
```

To save the map generated by the SLAM node, use the following command:

```bash
rosrun map_server map_saver -f ~/map
```

## Navigation

Export the Turtlebot3 model and launch the Gazebo simulation:

```bash
export TURTLEBOT3_MODEL=waflle_pi
roslaunch turtlebot3_gazebo turtlebot3_world.launch
```

Launch the Navigation node:

```bash
roslaunch turtlebot3_navigation turtlebot3_navigation.launch map_file:=$HOME/map.yaml
```

On the Rviz environment, set the 2D Pose Estimate before setting the 2D Nav Goal.
1. Click the 2D Pose Estimate button.
2. Click on the map where the Turtlebot3 robot is located and drag the green arrow to the direction where the Turtlebot3 robot is facing.
3. Repeat the same steps until the estimated pose is close to the actual pose.
4. Launch keyboard teleoperation node to move the Turtlebot3 robot to the desired location.

```bash
roslaunch turtlebot3_teleop turtlebot3_teleop_key.launch
```
5. Move the robot back and forth to improve the accuracy of the estimated pose.
6. Terminate the keyboard teleoperation node by pressing Ctrl + C.
7. Click the 2D Nav Goal button.
8. Click on the map to set the destination of the Turtlebot3 robot and drag the green arrow to the direction where the Turtlebot3 robot will be facing.
